[Music]
now and then I think of when we
were like when you said you felt so
happy you could die
[Music]
told myself that you were right for me
but felt so lonely in your
compy but that was love to make I still
[Music]
remember
you can get addicted to a certain kind
of
sness like to the
end
end so when we found we could not make
sense well you said that we would still
be friends but I'll admit that I was
glad it was over
[Music]
you didn't have to cut me off make never
we
were I don't even need your love you
treat me like a stranger and I feel so
rough you didn't have to so long have
your friends collect your and change
your number guess said I don't need that
now you just somebody that I used to
[Music]
know now you're just somebody I used
know now you're just I Used to
[Music]
Know
now and I think all the screwed me
[Music]
over I don't want to live that
way every word you
say you said that you could let it go
and I wouldn't catch you home on some
that you used to know didn't have to cut
me
off like
[Music]
never I Don't Need Your Love You Treat
Me Like a Stranger and I feel
[Music]
so have your friends collect your change
your
number I don't need that now you're just
somebody that I used to
know I used
know I used to
[Music]
know I used
know I used to
know that I used to
know I used to know
somebody
[Music]
yeah